[Congressional Record Volume 165, Number 176 (Tuesday, November 5, 2019)]
[House]
[Page H8729]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                      PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS

  Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the 
following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows:

           By Ms. ESHOO (for herself and Ms. Lofgren):
       H.R. 4978. A bill to provide for individual rights relating 
     to privacy of personal information, to establish privacy and 
     security requirements for covered entities relating to 
     personal information, and to establish an agency to be known 
     as the United States Digital Privacy Agency to enforce such 
     rights and requirements, and for other purposes; to the 
     Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the 
     Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently 
     determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of 
     such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the 
     committee concerned.
           By Mr. LUCAS (for himself, Mr. McAdams, Mr. Baird, Ms. 
             Johnson of Texas, Mr. Conaway, Ms. Kendra S. Horn of 
             Oklahoma, Mr. Weber of Texas, Mr. Balderson, Mr. 
             Norman, Mr. Murphy of North Carolina, Mr. Comer, Mr. 
             Gonzalez of Ohio, and Mr. Waltz):
       H.R. 4979. A bill to direct the Director of the National 
     Science Foundation to support STEM education and workforce 
     development research focused on rural areas, and for other 
     purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology.
           By Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois (for himself, Mrs. 
             Walorski, Ms. Bass, Mr. Wenstrup, Ms. Judy Chu of 
             California, Mr. Buchanan, Mr. Gomez, Mr. Estes, Mrs. 
             Murphy of Florida, Mr. Bacon, Ms. Sanchez, Mr. 
             Suozzi, and Mr. Panetta):
       H.R. 4980. A bill to assist States, tribes, territories, 
     counties, and cities in implementing the Family First 
     Prevention Services Act, and for other purposes; to the 
     Committee on Ways and Means.
           By Ms. ADAMS (for herself, Mr. Butterfield, Mr. 
             Holding, Mr. Murphy of North Carolina, Mr. Price of 
             North Carolina, Ms. Foxx of North Carolina, Mr. 
             Walker, Mr. Rouzer, Mr. Hudson, Mr. Bishop of North 
             Carolina, Mr. McHenry, Mr. Meadows, and Mr. Budd):
       H.R. 4981. A bill to designate the facility of the United 
     States Postal Service located at 2505 Derita Avenue in 
     Charlotte, North Carolina, as the ``Julius L. Chambers Civil 
     Rights Memorial Post Office''; to the Committee on Oversight 
     and Reform.
           By Mr. BACON (for himself, Mr. Langevin, and Mr. 
             Tonko):
       H.R. 4982. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to 
     provide for treatment of certain respiratory protective 
     devices as covered countermeasures for purposes of targeted 
     liability protections for pandemic and epidemic products and 
     security countermeasures, and for other purposes; to the 
     Committee on Energy and Commerce.
           By Mr. BIGGS (for himself, Mr. Gallego, Mr. Gosar, Mr. 
             Stanton, Mr. Grijalva, Mrs. Lesko, Mrs. Kirkpatrick, 
             Mr. O'Halleran, and Mr. Schweikert):
       H.R. 4983. A bill to designate the Department of Veterans 
     Affairs community-based outpatient clinic in Gilbert, 
     Arizona, as the ``Staff Sergeant Alexander W. Conrad Veterans 
     Affairs Health Care Clinic''; to the Committee on Veterans' 
     Affairs.
           By Ms. CLARKE of New York (for herself, Ms. Meng, Mr. 
             Danny K. Davis of Illinois, Mr. Serrano, Ms. Norton, 
             Mr. Nadler, and Mr. Espaillat):
       H.R. 4984. A bill to increase the supply of, and lower 
     rents for, affordable housing and to adjust calculations of 
     area median income for purposes of Federal low-income housing 
     assistance, and for other purposes; to the Committee on 
     Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on Ways 
     and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the 
     Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as 
     fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned.
           By Ms. DeLAURO (for herself, Mr. Himes, Mr. Larson of 
             Connecticut, and Mr. Courtney):
       H.R. 4985. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to 
     direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to furnish, at the 
     request of an eligible veteran, nursing home care and 
     hospital care at State licensed or certified residential care 
     facilities; to the Committee on Veterans' Affairs.
           By Mr. ESPAILLAT (for himself, Ms. Haaland, Mrs. 
             Napolitano, Mr. Huffman, Ms. Schakowsky, and Mr. 
             Garcia of Illinois):
       H.R. 4986. A bill to authorize appropriations for climate 
     financing, and for other purposes; to the Committee on 
     Foreign Affairs.
           By Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER (for herself and Mr. Higgins of 
             New York):
       H.R. 4987. A bill to provide first responders with 
     planning, training, and equipment capabilities for crude oil-
     by-rail and ethanol-by-rail derailment and incident response, 
     and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, 
     and Technology.
           By Mr. KIM (for himself, Mr. Norcross, Mr. Van Drew, 
             Mr. Gottheimer, Mr. Malinowski, Mr. Pascrell, Mr. 
             Payne, Ms. Sherrill, and Mrs. Watson Coleman):
       H.R. 4988. A bill to designate the facility of the United 
     States Postal Service located at 14 Walnut Street in 
     Bordentown, New Jersey, as the ``Clara Barton Post Office 
     Building''; to the Committee on Oversight and Reform.
           By Mr. LAWSON of Florida (for himself and Mr. Thompson 
             of Mississippi):
       H.R. 4989. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Health and 
     Human Services to award a grant to a health care organization 
     to promote student access to defibrillation in elementary and 
     secondary schools, and for other purposes; to the Committee 
     on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on 
     Education and Labor, for a period to be subsequently 
     determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of 
     such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the 
     committee concerned.
           By Mr. LIPINSKI (for himself, Mr. Smith of New Jersey, 
             and Mr. Duncan):
       H. Res. 679. A resolution expressing support for 
     designation of November 7 as annual ``Victims of Communism 
     Memorial Day''; to the Committee on Oversight and Reform.

                          ____________________

